# AWSF TAC Meeting - October 10, 2018

## Voting Member Attendees

- Bill Ballew, DreamWorks Animation
- Brian Cipriano, Google
- Cary Gooding, Cisco (alternate) for Michael O’Gorman, Cisco Systems Inc.
- Cory Amand, The Walt Disney Studios
- Daniel Heckenberg, Animal Logic Pty Ltd
- Gordon Bradley, Autodesk
- Henry Vera, Double Negative
- Kimball Thurston, Weta Digital Limited
- Larry Gritz, Sony
- Mark McGuire, Blue Sky Studios, Inc.
- Matt Kuhlenschmidt, Epic Games, Inc.

## Voting Member Regrets

- Jim Jeffers, Intel Corporation

# Agenda

- Techincal Project updates
  - OpenVDB
- Update on candidate projects
  - OpenEXR
  - OpenColorIO

# Action Items (AIs)

Daniel to bring request for finalizing Legal Committee to the Governing Board

Daniel to bring OpenVDB Charter and CLA (approved by TAC) to Governing Board for final approval

# Notes

Steve May stepping down from TAC Board. Cory Omand, The Walt Disney Studios, who replaces Steve, was introduced on the call.

Sony's membership was announced as finalized and Larry Gritz was welcomed to the TAC.

OpenVDB update (Andrew) have been working closely with the Linux Foundation in getting the Charter and CLA finalized. CLA was noted as very lightweight. Charter was drawn up based on Linux Foundation outlines. Continuing to work with getting codebase clean and ready to go. CII certification will take a little more work, but work is progressing towards that. No updates on the process of repository migration at the current time. Last update was waiting on OpenVDM folks to give ownership to the LF. 

Feedback on Technical charter prior to vote to approve: Footnote on Charter document still has NBC Universal (not ASWF). Latest draft addresses this.

Feedback on CLA: Should CLAs be project based or blanket towards all projects? Andrew voiced support of per-project. Henry agreed with Andrew that legally it would likely need to be per-project. Larry requested that it remain just one document to run through legal teams, if it were to be required per project. Mike Dolan noted decision to propose short-form CLA was the best path given license. Mike noted that discussion could be held with the legal committee about ability to keep terms consistent amongst multiple CLAs, adding that there may be projects that do not require a CLA. Mike added recommendation that the TAC look at this decision as a per-project CLA. Mike clarified that what the CLA really provides is corporate authority. Mike also referenced the DCO that is made per-commit.

Mike Dolan took the action item to send out the latest version of the OpenVDB CLA. Mike noted only change was addition of "you" and "your employees"

In summary, given that group is expecting most projects to be Apache based, there will presumably be some projects without a CLA, and a number of projects that will use the Apache CLA. As well as a few others that will use the short-form CLA.

Procedural: Can continue to contribute under original CLA until new CLA is ready.

Mike added that we do have an automated CLA that the community will be able to leverage.

Technical Charter/CLA have been approved by OpenVDB leadership group.

CI - Offer made by Google to provide cloud infrastructure at a discounted rate. Some additional investigation is required before making a determination of how the project can make use of it.

Foundation's legal committee - Based on discussion today, Daniel will bring request to the Governing Board to finalize the set-up of the legal committee.

OpenEXR update (Cory) - Cory will provide update at the next TAC meeting

OpenColorIO update (Larry) - Work continues

Move to TAC vote for OpenVDB Charter and CLA was risen and unanimously approved by the TAC. 

Identifying and encouraging projects into the Foundation:
- OpenTimelineIO (David): Looking at process to propose their project

# Chat

N/A
